Update pricing.mdx (#6264)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/pricing.mdx

description: "Learn about pricing variables, managing volume, and different Sentry plans."
---

This page gives you an in-depth understanding of our pricing and billing structure, including:

> - [How our pricing works](#pricing-how-it-works) and [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing)

Author: ```suggestion
- [How our pricing works](#pricing-how-it-works) and [per-category-pricing](#per-category-pricing)
```

- [Billing periods](#billing-cycles)
- [Taxes](#taxes) and [exemptions](#tax-exemptions)

## Pricing: How It Works

We bill based on the amount of data you want us to process. Our [Developer, Team, and Business plans](https://sentry.io/pricing/), each come with a pre-set number of events (such as errors and transactions) that are included in the price. 

On top of that, you can choose to pay for a set, prepaid volume of additional data at a discounted price. You can also set aside an on-demand budget to cover potential overages, which will only be used once the prepaid budget has run out.

- **[Prepaid volume:](#prepaid-reserved-capacity)** A predetermined amount of data you pay for in advance at a discount, on a monthly or annual basis.
- **[On-demand volume:](#on-demand-capacity)** An overage budget that kicks in only if your prepaid volume has been used up. Having this makes it possible to control the maximum amount you will spend for overages each month. 

If you run out of **both** your prepaid and on-demand volume, any new data you send will be rejected and you won’t be charged for it.

> ### Per-Data-Type Pricing

Author: ```suggestion
### Per-Category Pricing
```

> If you'd like to buy either prepaid or on-demand data on top of what's included in your plan, you can buy as much as you think you'll need per data type. [Errors](#errors-pricing), [Transactions](#transactions-pricing), [Replays](#replays-pricing), and [Attachments](#attachments-pricing), each have their own unique pricing structures, as listed in the tables below:

Author: ```suggestion
If you'd like to buy either prepaid or on-demand data on top of what's included in your plan, you can buy as much as you think you'll need per data category. [Errors](#errors-pricing), [Transactions](#transactions-pricing), [Replays](#replays-pricing), and [Attachments](#attachments-pricing), each have their own unique pricing structures, as listed in the tables below:
```

| >10M-15M | $0.000039 | $0.000051 | $0.000074 | $0.000096 |
| >15M-100M | $0.000027 | $0.000036 | $0.000040 | $0.000053 |

#### Replays Pricing

> | Total Replays Volume |  Prepaid Buckets | Team/Business Prepaid | Team/Business On-Demand |
> |---|---|---|---|
> | >10k-25k | 15k | $0.002850 | $0.003705 | 
> | >25k-100k | 25k | $0.00 | $0.003705 | 
> | >100k-1M | $0.002565 | $0.000195 | $0.003335 | 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
| Total Replays Volume |  Prepaid Buckets | Team/Business Prepaid | Team/Business On-Demand |
|---|---|---|---|
| >10k-25k | 15k | $0.002850 | $0.003705 | 
| >25k-100k | 25k | $0.002850 | $0.003705 | 
| >100k-1M | 100k | $0.002565 | $0.000195 | $0.003335 | 

```

| Errors Volume&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Purchase Increment | Transaction Volume | Purchase Increment | Attachments Volume | Purchase Increment |Replay Volume | Purchase Increment |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| >50k-100k | 50k | >100k-250k | 150k | >25 - 100 (GB) | 25 (GB) | >10k - 25k | 15k |
| >100k-500k | 100k | >250k-500k | 250k | >100 - 10k (GB) | 100 (GB) |>25k - 100k | 25k |
| >500k-2M | 500k | >500k-10M | 500k |  |  |>100k - 1M | 100k |
| >2M-20M | 1M | >10M-100M | 5M |  |  |  |  |
| >20M-50M | 2M |  |  |  |  |  |  |

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

If the amount of prepaid data you want to buy falls in-between increments, you may want to consider setting an on-demand budget, (which is based on a dollar amount rather than data volume), instead. 

Use the slider on the [pricing](https://sentry.io/pricing/) page to determine the amount of prepaid data you need, based on the event types you send. 
For more information on how to manage your monthly spending, check out our [Quota Management documentation](/product/accounts/quotas/).

## Volume {#capacity}

> Your _volume_ is the total number of [events](/product/sentry-basics/key-terms/) and attachments — or the total amount of [data](/product/sentry-basics/key-terms/) — sent by and billed to your organization. You can purchase volume in two ways: [prepaid (or reserved)](#prepaid-reserved-capacity) or [on-demand](#on-demand-capacity).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Your volume is the total number of events and attachments — or the total amount of data— sent by your organization. If you'd like to purchase more than what's included in your [plan](https://sentry.io/pricing/), you can do so in two ways: by buying a **prepaid (or reserved) volume** and/or by setting up an **on-demand volume budget**, which will cover potential overages.

```

### Prepaid (Reserved) Volume {#prepaid-reserved-capacity}

> When you buy _reserved_ volume (or quota), you prepay for data at significant discounts. Your prepaid, reserved volume is always applied before on-demand volume kicks in. Unused reserved volume expires at the end of each billing month.
> 
> Each Sentry plan type includes different amounts of reserved volume. For example, our Team plan includes a minimum of 50k errors, 100k transactions, 500 replays, and 1GB of attachments per month:
> 
> ![Reserved Volume settings in Subscriptions](reserved-volume.png)
> 
> To see prepaid pricing for each plan type, check out our [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing).

Author: ```suggestion
When you buy reserved volume (or quota), you prepay for data at significant discounts. Your prepaid, reserved volume is always applied before on-demand volume kicks in. Unused reserved volume expires at the end of each billing month.

Each Sentry plan includes different amounts of reserved volume. For example, our Team plan includes a minimum of 50k errors, 100k transactions, 500 replays, and 1GB of attachments per month. To see prepaid pricing for each plan, check out our [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing).

```

> ### On-Demand Volume {#on-demand-capacity}
> 
> Buying _on-demand volume_, lets you control the maximum amount you’ll pay for overage each month after your reserved volume has run out. If you go over your on-demand volume,  you’ll still have access to previous event data, but any new data you send will be rejected and you won’t be charged for it.
> 
> With on-demand volume, you pay for any event or attachment processed, (rounded up to the nearest cent), after your reserved volume has run out. On-demand volume is billed at the end of each billing month. To see on-demand pricing per plan type, check out our [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
### On-Demand Volume {#on-demand-capacity}

Buying on-demand volume lets you control the maximum amount you’ll pay for overage each month after your reserved volume runs out. If you go over your on-demand volume,  you’ll still have access to previous event data, but any new data you send will be rejected and you won’t be charged for it.

With on-demand volume, you pay for any event or attachment processed, (rounded up to the nearest cent), after your reserved volume has run out. On-demand volume is billed at the end of each billing month. To see on-demand pricing per plan type, check out our [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing).

```

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<!-- Don't remove spaces from first column header or number ranges in column will break onto two lines making them hard to read -->

#### Consolidated Pricing

| Errors Volume&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Purchase Increment | Transaction Volume | Purchase Increment | 
|---|---|---|---|
| >50k-100k | 50k | >100k-250k | 150k | 
| >100k-500k | 100k | >250k-500k | 250k | 
| >500k-2M | 500k | >500k-10M | 500k |
| >2M-20M | 1M | >10M-100M | 5M | 
| >20M-50M | 2M |  |  |

| Attachments Volume | Purchase Increment | Replay Volume | Purchase Increment |
|---|---|---|---|
| >25 - 100 (GB) | 25 (GB) | >10k - 25k | 15k |
| >100 - 10k (GB) | 100 (GB) | >25k - 100k | 25k |
|  |  | >100k - 1M | 100k |

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> If the amount of prepaid data you want to buy falls in-between increments, you may want to consider setting an on-demand budget, (which is based on a dollar amount rather than data volume), instead. 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
If the amount of prepaid data you want to buy falls in-between increments, you may want to consider setting an on-demand budget instead. Because on-demand is set in dollar amounts rather than data volume.

```

> Use the slider on the [pricing](https://sentry.io/pricing/) page to determine the amount of prepaid data you might need based on the event types you send. 

Author: ```suggestion
Use the slider on the [pricing](https://sentry.io/pricing/) page to determine the amount of prepaid data you might need based on the volume of event types you send. 
```

![Reserved Volume settings in Subscriptions](reserved-volume.png)

For more information on how to manage your monthly spending, check out our [Quota Management documentation](/product/accounts/quotas/).

## Volume {#capacity}

Your volume is the total number of events and attachments — or the total amount of data— sent by your organization. If you'd like to purchase more than what's included in your [plan](https://sentry.io/pricing/), you can do so in two ways: by buying a **prepaid (or reserved) volume** and/or by setting up an **on-demand volume budget**, which will cover potential overages.

### Prepaid (Reserved) Volume {#prepaid-reserved-capacity}

When you buy reserved volume (or quota), you prepay for data at significant discounts. Your prepaid, reserved volume is always applied before on-demand volume kicks in. Unused reserved volume expires at the end of each billing month.

> 
> Each Sentry plan includes different amounts of reserved volume. For example, our Team plan includes a minimum of 50k errors, 100k transactions, 500 replays, and 1GB of attachments per month. To see prepaid pricing for each plan, check out our [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing).
> 

Author: ```suggestion

Each Sentry plan includes different amounts of reserved volume. For example, our Team plan includes a minimum of 50k errors, 100k transactions, 500 replays, and 1GB of attachments per month. To see prepaid pricing for each plan, check out our [per-category-pricing](#per-category-pricing).

```

### On-Demand Volume {#on-demand-capacity}

> Buying on-demand volume lets you control the maximum amount you’ll pay for overage each month after your reserved volume runs out. If you go over your on-demand volume,  you’ll still have access to previous event data, but any new data you send will be rejected and you won’t be charged for it.
> 
> With on-demand volume, you pay for any event or attachment processed, (rounded up to the nearest cent), after your reserved volume has run out. On-demand volume is billed at the end of each billing month. To see on-demand pricing per plan type, check out our [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Buying on-demand volume lets you control the maximum amount you’ll pay for overage each month after your reserved volume runs out. If you go over your on-demand volume,  you’ll still have access to previous event data, but any new data you send will be rejected and you won’t be charged for it.

With on-demand volume, you pay for any event or attachment processed, (rounded up to the nearest cent), after your reserved volume has run out. On-demand volume is billed at the end of each billing month. To see on-demand pricing per plan type, check out our [per-category-pricing](#per-category-pricing).

```

> #### Shared and Per-Category On-Demand {#on-demand-cap}
> 
> Organizations on all plans have the option to set a shared on-demand strategy. Organizations on plans with [performance monitoring](/product/performance/) features have the ability to choose between a shared or per-category on-demand strategy:
> 
> - **Shared:** Your on-demand budget is shared between errors, transactions, replays and attachments.
> 
> - **Per-category:** Your on-demand budgets for errors, transactions, replays, and attachments are set up individually so that any overages in one category won't consume the budget of another category.
> 
> ![On-Demand Budgets settings in Subscriptions](on-demand-budgets.png)
> 
> If you decide to increase your on-demand budget mid-month, Sentry will start processing additional data as soon as the increase becomes effective. 

Author: ```suggestion
#### Shared and Per-Category On-Demand {#on-demand-cap}

Organizations on all plans have the option to set a shared on-demand strategy. Organizations on plans with [performance monitoring](/product/performance/) features have the ability to choose between a shared or per-category on-demand strategy:

- **Shared:** Your on-demand budget is shared between categories such as errors, transactions, and replays.

- **Per-category:** Your on-demand budgets for categories such as errors, transactions, and replays, are set up individually so that any overages in one category won't consume the budget of another category.

![On-Demand Budgets settings in Subscriptions](on-demand-budgets.png)

### Changing Plans Mid-cycle

If you decide to increase your on-demand budget mid-month, Sentry will start processing additional data as soon as the increase becomes effective. 
```

If you want to decrease your on-demand budget mid-month, but have already consumed more data than the new desired amount allows, your budget will be lowered to match what you’ve already used and any new data will be rejected. Your on-demand budget will be decreased to the desired amount on your next billing date. 

> In most cases, new budgets will take effect within minutes. Otherwise, we guarantee a maximum turnaround time of 24 hours. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you upgrade from a Team to a Business plan mid-cycle, any existing on-demand budget will be recalculated based on Business tier pricing. This may mean that your on-demand budget will be consumed faster than it was before.

In most cases, new budgets will take effect within minutes. Otherwise, we guarantee a maximum turnaround time of 24 hours. 
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<!-- Don't remove spaces from first column header or number ranges in column will break onto two lines making them hard to read -->

> | Errors Volume&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Purchase Increment | Transaction Volume | Purchase Increment | 
> |---|---|---|---|
> | >50k-100k | 50k | >100k-250k | 150k | 
> | >100k-500k | 100k | >250k-500k | 250k | 
> | >500k-2M | 500k | >500k-10M | 500k |
> | >2M-20M | 1M | >10M-100M | 5M | 
> | >20M-50M | 2M |  |  |
> 
> | Attachments Volume | Purchase Increment |Replay Volume | Purchase Increment |
> |---|---|---|---|
> | >25 - 100 (GB) | 25 (GB) | >10k - 25k | 15k |
> | >100 - 10k (GB) | 100 (GB) |>25k - 100k | 25k |
> |  |  |>100k - 1M | 100k |
> |  |  |  |  |
> |  |  |  |  |
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
#### Consolidated Pricing

| Errors Volume&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Purchase Increment | Transaction Volume | Purchase Increment | 
|---|---|---|---|
| >50k-100k | 50k | >100k-250k | 150k | 
| >100k-500k | 100k | >250k-500k | 250k | 
| >500k-2M | 500k | >500k-10M | 500k |
| >2M-20M | 1M | >10M-100M | 5M | 
| >20M-50M | 2M |  |  |

| Attachments Volume | Purchase Increment | Replay Volume | Purchase Increment |
|---|---|---|---|
| >25 - 100 (GB) | 25 (GB) | >10k - 25k | 15k |
| >100 - 10k (GB) | 100 (GB) | >25k - 100k | 25k |
|  |  | >100k - 1M | 100k |
```

### On-Demand Volume {#on-demand-capacity}

Buying on-demand volume lets you control the maximum amount you’ll pay for overage each month after your reserved volume runs out. If you go over your on-demand volume,  you’ll still have access to previous event data, but any new data you send will be rejected and you won’t be charged for it.

With on-demand volume, you pay for any event or attachment processed, (rounded up to the nearest cent), after your reserved volume has run out. On-demand volume is billed at the end of each billing month. To see on-demand pricing per plan type, check out our [per-data-type-pricing](#per-data-type-pricing).

#### Shared and Per-Category On-Demand {#on-demand-cap}

Organizations on all plans have the option to set a shared on-demand strategy. Organizations on plans with [performance monitoring](/product/performance/) features have the ability to choose between a shared or per-category on-demand strategy:

> - **Shared:** Your on-demand budget is shared between errors, transactions, replays and attachments.
> 
> - **Per-category:** Separate on-demand budgets for errors, transactions, replays and attachments. Any overages in one category will not consume the budget of another category.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Shared:** Your on-demand budget is shared between errors, transactions, replays and attachments.

- **Per-category:** Your on-demand budgets for errors, transactions, replays, and attachments are set up individually so that any overages in one category won't consume the budget of another category.
```
